---
title: "Genesis 22:1-2,9a-10,13-15,18"
date: 2024-03-17T15:56:19-04:00
draft: false
image: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dafjqauwb/image/upload/v1711051191/matt419/Genesis/22_1-2_9a_10-13_15-18_zj5alr.webp"
tags: ["OT","Genesis"]
---

### Feast Day

St Patrick's Day

### Reading
**1** And it came to pass after these things, that God did tempt Abraham, and said to him: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am.  
**2** He said to him: Take thy only begotten son Isaac, whom thou lovest, and go into the land of vision: and there thou shalt offer him for an holocaust upon one of the mountains which I will shew thee.  
**9a** And they came to the place which God had shewn him,  
**10** where he built an altar, and laid the wood in order upon it: and when he had bound Isaac his son, he laid him on the altar upon the pile of wood.  
**11** And behold an angel of the Lord from heaven called to him, saying: Abraham, Abraham. And he answered: Here I am.  
**12** And he said to him: Lay not thy hand upon the boy, neither do thou any thing to him: now I know that thou fearest God, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake.  
**13** Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw behind his back a ram amongst the briers sticking fast by the horns, which he took and offered for a holocaust instead of his son.  
**15** And the angel of the Lord called to Abraham a second time from heaven, saying:  
**16** By my own self have I sworn, saith the Lord: because thou hast done this thing, and hast not spared thy only begotten son for my sake:  
**17** I will bless thee, and I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven, and as the sand that is by the sea shore; thy seed shall possess the gates of their enemies.  
**18** And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed, because thou hast obeyed my voice.


### ChatGPT Response
