---
title: "John 11:45-56"
date: 2024-03-23T19:45:07-04:00
draft: false
image: "https://res.cloudinary.com/dafjqauwb/image/upload/v1711237827/matt419/John/11_45-56_ix202m.webp"
tags: ["NT","The Gospel","John"]
---
### Reading
**45** Many therefore of the Jews, who were come to Mary and Martha and had seen the things that Jesus did, believed in him.  
**46** But some of them went to the Pharisees and told them the things that Jesus had done.  
**47** The chief priests, therefore, and the Pharisees gathered a council and said: What do we, for this man doth many miracles?  
**48** If we let him alone so, all will believe in him; and the Romans will come, and take away our place and nation.  
**49** But one of them, named Caiphas, being the high priest that year, said to them: You know nothing.  
**50** Neither do you consider that it is expedient for you that one man should die for the people and that the whole nation perish not.  
**51** And this he spoke not of himself: but being the high priest of that year, he prophesied that Jesus should die for the nation.  
**52** And not only for the nation, but to gather together in one the children of God that were dispersed.  
**53** From that day therefore they devised to put him to death.  
**54** Wherefore Jesus walked no more openly among the Jews: but he went into a country near the desert, unto a city that is called Ephrem. And there he abode with his disciples.  
**55** And the pasch of the Jews was at hand: and many from the country went up to Jerusalem, before the pasch, to purify themselves.  
**56** They sought therefore for Jesus; and they discoursed one with another, standing in the temple: What think you that he is not come to the festival day? And the chief priests and Pharisees had given a commandment that, if any man knew where he was, he should tell, that they might apprehend him .

### ChatGPT Response
